
Given a list of menu items with their prices and several choice of menu bundles, select the combination that comes closest to the budget. You can choose up to 3 menu bundles. Write a function to find the best bundle combination. The total price of bundles should not exceed the given budget. For example, given the following input:

Menu items and prices:
A: $10
B: $20
C: $30
Bundle choices:
Bundle1 (A + B): $25
Bundle2 (B + C): $45
Bundle3 (A + B + C): $55 Given a budget, find the best combination.
Provide at least 5 test cases. The function signature is def choose_menu_bundles(menus, budget):.



"You are given an array like [5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 3, 4, 0, 3, 4]

Part 1:
Print a terrain where each number represents the height of a column at that index.

+
++ + +
+++ ++ ++
++++ ++ ++
+++++++ ++
++++++++++ <--- base layer

Part 2:
Imagine we drop a certain amount of water at a certain column. The water can flow in whichever direction makes sense. Print the terrain after all the water has fallen.

dumpWater(terrain, waterAmount=8, column=1)

Should render
+
++WWWW+ +
+++WW++ ++
++++W++ ++
+++++++W++
++++++++++ <--- base layer"


You are given an array like [5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 3, 4, 0, 3, 4]. Each number represents the height of a column at that index.

Part 1: Print a terrain where each number represents the height of a column at that index.

Part 2: Imagine we pour a certain amount of water at a certain column. The water can flow in whichever direction makes sense. Print the terrain after all the water has fallen.

For example, after calling dumpWater(terrain, waterAmount=8, column=1), the rendered result should be:

+
++[url=http://WWWW+]WWWW+[/url] +
+++WW++ ++
++++W++ ++
+++++++W++
++++++++++ <--- base layer