Input: a list of available menu and price like (burger,50), (fries, 30), (burger, wings,70). Also provide a list of wanted services like (wings, fries)
Output: find the minimum cost to get all wanted food and return the combinations of items to choose
Clarify 的时候问了有多少种 food，回答最多 3 种。于是用了 bit mask 来做。先写了 dfs 做法，followup 让改 dp。


Minimal Cost Menu Combination
Problem Statement:

Given a list of available menu items with their prices, such as (burger, 50), (fries, 30), (burger, wings, 70). Also, you are provided a list of wanted items, such as (wings, fries).

Objective: Find the minimal cost to get all wanted food and return the combinations of items to choose.

Constraints:

There are at most 3 types of food.
Input:

A list of menu items with prices and a list of wanted food items.
Output:

Return the combination of menu items with the minimal cost to get all wanted food.
Test Cases:

Input: Menu = [('burger', 50), ('fries', 30), ('wings', 20), ('burger', 'wings', 70)], Wanted = ['wings', 'fries'] Output: Minimal cost combination [['wings', 'fries'], 50]

Input: Menu = [('burger', 50), ('fries', 30), ('burger', 'wings', 70)], Wanted = ['wings', 'fries'] Output: Minimal cost combination [['burger', 'wings'], 70]

Input: Menu = [('burger', 'fries', 70), ('fries', 30), ('wings', 20)], Wanted = ['wings', 'fries'] Output: Minimal cost combination [['wings', 'fries'], 50]

Input: Menu = [('burger', 50)], Wanted = [] Output: Minimal cost combination []

Input: Menu = [('burger', 'fries', 60), ('fries', 30), ('wings', 20)], Wanted = ['burger', 'wings'] Output: Minimal cost combination [['burger', 'fries'], 60]