Overall, the interview experience in August
was quite good. The recruiter responded very promptly, and the follow-up after each round of interviews was also very timely. I was probably lucky to have met a reliable recruiter.
The team match was also very good. After the on-site performance, they immediately gave me two teams
to ask for money!
The question about calculating the total amount is similar to a lexicon (see www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1...1849-1-1.html ).



Live demonstration of
the algorithm: Segmented accommodation (refer to www.1point3acres.com/bbs/thread-1...4028-1-1.html ). When I interviewed, I hadn't seen this problem on the forum yet. I used a brute-force solution, but it passed. Thanks to the Chinese girl who let me off the hook! <3


System Design : The group chat system design differed from other companies in that the interviewer focused more on the database table structure and how the required query functions could be. Code Review: Referring to previous posts on the forum, I interviewed for Java, but it was very similar to Python. The interviewer didn't say a word and just wrote the code. I also didn't know the standards for this round.Experience: It's about combining previous projects with both system design and behavioral analysis. Interview questions included some cross-team collaboration questions.




Additional information (2025-10-02 08:39 +08:00):
The timeline is roughly as follows:
Day 0: Recruiter reached out
Day 6: Phone interview
Day 7: Email said I passed and moved on to onsite, scheduled a phone call
Day 12: Received email details of the onsite call and scheduled an onsite
Day 27: Onsite #1: Coding + CR
Day 28: Onsite #2: SD + Experience 
Day 31: Email said I moved on to the next steps + Two hiring managers were interested and scheduled phone calls with them, discussing core value
Day 33: Hiring manager call
Day 35: Email said one hiring manager was willing to move forward
Day 38: Core value
Day 40: Verbal offer and phone call asking about offer expectations and whether there was a counteroffer
Day 45: Phone call giving details of the offer

Airbnb
2k+posts
|
33k+replies



Given a specific scenario, calculate the total count under specific conditions. Assume you have an array of n elements, each representing the quantity of a specific item. Calculate the total count of these items based on given conditions and return the result. The precise conditions and rules are provided by the interviewer.



Given a set of accommodation requests and available accommodation segments, design an algorithm to allocate the segments in order to fulfill as many requests as possible. Assume each request and segment has a start and end time, and the segments cannot overlap. Return the maximum number of fulfilled requests and their specific allocations.


Design a group chat system with a focus on the database schema and how to query necessary functionalities. Consider basic functionalities of a group chat such as creating groups, adding members, sending messages, viewing chat history, etc. Provide a detailed description of the database schema and SQL examples for each functionality query.


