Refund题
1: Any refund should be issued in full for a payment before considering next payment.
// 2: Refund will be prioritized among different payment methods based on such order: CREDIT, CREDIT_CARD, PAYPAL.
// 3: Refund should be issued to more recent payment.
// Example 1
// Transactions:
//     Payment1: Credit, 2023-01-10, $40
//     Payment2: Paypal, 2023-01-15, $60
// Input:
//     Refund amount: $50
// Output:
//     Refund a: linked to Payment1, Credit, $30
// Example 2
// Transactions:
//     Payment1: Credit, 2023-01-15, $40
//     Payment2: Paypal, 2023-01-10, $60
//     Payment3: Paypal, 2023-01-20, $40
//     Refund1: linked to Payment1, $20
// List<String>
// Refund 50
// refund a: linked to Payment1, credit, $40
// refund b: linked to Payment2, Paypal, $10
example1：我的理解应该是输出
Refund a: linked to Payment1, Credit, $40
Refund a: linked to Payment2, Paypal, $10
example2 是对的，因为在输入的那个refund1之前，前面的payment就能cover 要refund的50了
example 2 的output应该是这个吧？
// Output
// refund a: linked to Payment1, Credit, $20
// refund b: linked to Payment3, Paypal, $30
滑雪题
输入(String[][] travel, String[][] point) 输出：int score travel的形式是[["start","3","A],["A","4","B"],["B","5","END1"]]
第一个String为出发点，第二个为从某个点到下一个点的cost，第三个String为结束点，可以想象为滑雪的人从“start"到"A"需要的cost为3 point的形式为[["A","5"],["B","6"],["END","3"]] 代表到达每一个点的reward 所要求的是从start到end的最大score，注意end点可能有很多个，start是固定的 score的计算方法是reward-cost 比如说从start到A，cost是3，reward是5，那么A的score就是5-3=2，当然只是举个例子，A的score应该是所有到达A的方式里最大的那个。
split stay
Sugget a split staty where you stay at 2 different houses, one for the first p[art of your trip and other for the remainder. Mkae an api endpopint that will return all possible combo of split stays across 2 listings for a given date range. Give each listing a name ("A" "B", etc) and our availability will just be a list of day numbers. For example: A - [1,2,3,6,7,10,11]; B - [3,4,5,6,8,9,10,13]; C - [7,8,9,10,11] Given the date range [3-11], the expected result is all sets of two Airbnbs that could form a split stay: [B, C]
菜单
Input: a list of available menu and price like (burger,50), (fries, 30), (burger, wings,70). Also provide a list of wanted services like (wings, fries) Output: find the minimum cost to get all wanted food and return the combinations of items to choose Clarify 的时候问了有多少种 food，回答最多 3 种。
Maximum Profit in Job Scheduling
review token replace
review="I booked a house on Airbnb for my trip to San Francisco. It was a lovely experience."
map={"Airbnb": "business", "san francisco": "city"}
Output: "I booked a house on [business]{Airbnb} for my trip to [city]{San Francisco}. It was a lovely experience."
terrain
"You are given an array like [5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 3, 4, 0, 3, 4]
Part 1: Print a terrain where each number represents the height of a column at that index.
++ + + +++ ++ ++ ++++ ++ ++
+++++++ ++ ++++++++++ <--- base layer
Part 2: Imagine we drop a certain amount of water at a certain column. The water can flow in whichever direction makes sense. Print the terrain after all the water has fallen.
dumpWater(terrain, waterAmount=8, column=1)
Should render + ++WWWW+ + +++WW++ ++ ++++W++ ++ +++++++W++ ++++++++++ <--- base layer"

