I'd seen a few people mention this problem before, but their descriptions were vague and essentially meaningless. This time, I'm just posting the problem directly.
The only solution I could think of was O(N^2). The interviewer said there were better ones, but I couldn't come up with any, so I failed.
Afterwards, I asked about Chatgpt and Claude, but I didn't have any solutions with lower complexity either. I didn't know how to solve it.
# When booking a trip on Airbnb, if we do not have a place available for all of the requested dates,
# we will suggest a Split Stay where you stay at two different Airbnbs, one for the first part of
# your trip and the other for the remainder. Given a list of Airbnbs with availability, make an
# api endpoint that will return all possible combinations of Split Stays across two listings for a
# given date range
#
# For this interview question, we will give each listing a name ("A", "B", etc) and our
# availability will just be a list of day numbers.
#
# For example:
# Airbnb A - [1,2,3,6,7,10,11]
# Airbnb B - [3,4,5,6,8,9,10,13]
# Airbnb C - [7,8,9,10,11]
#
# Given the date range [3-11], the expected result would be all sets of two Airbnbs
# that could form a split stay:
#
# [B, C]


When booking a trip on Airbnb, if we do not have a place available for all of the requested dates, we will suggest a Split Stay where you stay at two different Airbnbs, one for the first part of your trip and the other for the remainder. Given a list of Airbnbs with availability, create an API endpoint that will return all possible combinations of Split Stays across two listings for a given date range.

Example:

Airbnb A availability: [1,2,3,6,7,10,11]
Airbnb B availability: [3,4,5,6,8,9,10,13]
Airbnb C availability: [7,8,9,10,11]
Given the date range [3-11], the expected result would be all sets of two Airbnbs that could form a split stay:

[B, C]
