This was the famous menu problem. I quickly solved it using dynamic programming
and was asked about the complexity.
The follow-up question asked how to optimize it. I was a bit confused at first because I felt it was the optimal solution. However, the interviewer wanted me to continue optimizing it based on the constraint of only having three items.
I answered that I could first prune the menu once to skip all combos or individual items that do not have these three items. But I felt like I didn't get the point right

, but I still passed the test. If you have any good ideas, please feel free to discuss them.
Also, I'm asking for points!



Given a menu with various dishes, each having a unique ID and price. Assuming you have a customer's budget as input, determine the combination of menu items that maximizes expenditure without exceeding the budget using dynamic programming. Consider a limitation where you can only select up to three items. Provide test cases.



"[{'id': 1, 'price': 30}, {'id': 2, 'price': 20}, {'id': 3, 'price': 50}], 50"
"[{'id': 1, 'price': 50}, {'id': 2, 'price': 70}, {'id': 3, 'price': 30}, {'id': 4, 'price': 60}], 100"
"[{'id': 1, 'price': 10}, {'id': 2, 'price': 15}], 20"
"[{'id': 1, 'price': 25}, {'id': 2, 'price': 5}], 29"
"[{'id': 1, 'price': 5}, {'id': 2, 'price': 5}, {'id': 3, 'price': 10}, {'id': 4, 'price': 20}], 15"



//Use dynamic programming to determine the best combination of items from the menu that can be purchased without exceeding the budget. Consider using a 2D DP table where rows represent the budget and columns represent items. Because only three items can be selected, take this constraint into account to further optimize the solution.


