Position: Infrastructure - Senior

Timeline:
June 10th HR PhoneScreen completed;
June 23rd HM interview
; July 1st Two VO rounds: one coding round, one system design
round; July 2nd Failed: Asked for feedback, system design wasn't good enough for a senior position.

Interview Details:
HR PhoneScreen: Why choose [the company/organization], why match [the company/organization], etc. (common questions);
HM Interview: Focused on resume projects, asking about key design points and challenges;
VO Coding: Tasks have deadlines and rewards, find the task execution list with the maximum reward;
VO System: Design a distributed KV system, highly reliable, highly available, considering consistency; supports bulk upload, multiple versions, TTL.

Interview Experience: The system design interviewer was Indian, and I felt we weren't on the same wavelength. Experience: System design is a very broad question, so you need to try different angles, be keen to find the interviewer's high points, and then the discussion will be much more effective. I've
had a lot of interviews lately, so I hope you can help me out and create a positive cycle!


You are given a set of tasks, each with a deadline and a reward. Your objective is to maximize the total reward by selecting a set of tasks to perform, without exceeding their deadlines.

Input: An integer n (number of tasks) and a list tasks, where tasks[i] is a tuple (deadline, reward).

Output: The maximum reward and the order of tasks. Aim for a time complexity of O(n a log(n)).

Example:

Input: 4 [(4, 70), (1, 80), (2, 60), (3, 50)]

Output: 210 [(1, 80), (2, 60), (3, 50)]

