We basically started by doing practice problems, but we only had 45 minutes, which was pretty good.

Implement a class that supports the following operations:
set_value(key: str, value: int): Stores the integer value for the given key.
set_sum(key: str, values: List[str]): Defines key as the sum of the values ​​associated with the keys in values.
get_value(key: str) -> int: Returns the integer value associated with key. If the key was defined using set_sum, return the computed sum. But

there is a relationship between node and node. Please pay attention to update dependencies. The detailed examples are as follows:
set_value("A", 5): Sets A=5
set_value("B", 10): Sets B=10
set_sum("C", ["A", "B"]): C depends on A and B, so C=15
set_sum("D", ["C", "C", "A"]): D depends on C and A, so D=15+15+5=35
get_value("A"): Returns 5
set_value("B", 10): B already 10, no change needed.
`get_value("C")`: Returns 15.
`get_value("D")`: Returns 35.
`set_value("A", 100): A changes to 100, triggers updates:
C updates to 100+10=110;
D updates to 110+110+100=320.
`get_value("D")`: Returns 320.

I was so nervous at one point that I made a mistake and forgot to update the dependency. Although I corrected it and the test cases passed, after analyzing the time and space, I only had 3 minutes left. The interviewer asked a follow-up question: If `get_value` is not frequently used and `set_value` is frequently used, how to improve the time complexity for `set_value`? I was still thinking and didn't have time to answer before time was up.

Implement a class that supports the following operations:

set_value(key: str, value: int): Stores the integer value for the given key.
set_sum(key: str, values: List[str]): Defines key as the sum of the values associated with the keys in values.
get_value(key: str) -> int: Returns the integer value associated with key. If the key was defined using set_sum, return the computed sum.
Note the dependencies between keys and update them accordingly. Detailed examples:

set_value("A", 5): Sets A=5.
set_value("B", 10): Sets B=10.
set_sum("C", ["A", "B"]): C depends on A and B, so C=15.
set_sum("D", ["C", "C", "A"]): D depends on C and A, so D=15+15+5=35.
get_value("A"): Returns 5.
set_value("B", 10): B is already 10, no change needed.
get_value("C"): Returns 15.
get_value("D"): Returns 35.
set_value("A", 100): A changes to 100, triggers updates:
C updates to 100+10=110.
D updates to 110+110+100=320.
get_value("D"): Returns 320.
